Clarify serialization behavior of "use cache" (#72286)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/01-directives/use-cache.mdx

## Good to know

- `use cache` is an experimental Next.js feature, and not a native React feature like [`use client`](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-client) or [`use server`](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-server).

> - Any [serializable](https://react.dev/reference/rsc/use-server#serializable-parameters-and-return-values) arguments (or props) to the cached function, as well as any serializable values it reads from the parent scope, will be converted to a format like JSON and automatically become a part of the cache key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any [serializable](https://react.dev/reference/rsc/use-server#serializable-parameters-and-return-values) arguments (or props) passed to the cached function, as well as any serializable values it reads from the parent scope, will be converted to a format like JSON and automatically become a part of the cache key.
```

> - Any non-serializable arguments, props, or closed-over values will turn into opaque references inside the cached function. For example, a cached function can take some JSX as a `children` prop and return it like `<div>{children}</div>` but it won't be able to introspect the actual `children` object. All non-serializable values will be filled in at the request time and won't become a part of the cache key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any non-serializable arguments, props, or closed-over values will turn into opaque references inside the cached function, and can be only passed through and not inspected nor modified. These non-serializable values will be filled in at the request time and won't become a part of the cache key.
  - For example, a cached function can take in JSX as a `children` prop and return `<div>{children}</div>`, but it won't be able to introspect the actual `children` object. 
```
